Can't I?
What am I watching?
Gu Haoran was actually kicked black by that fool
How is that possible?
He's not funny.
The big eater king is so powerful
Even Gu Haoran was no match for him
Unimagined situation
Gu Haoran underestimated the enemy
He couldn't have imagined it.
This fool can be so powerful
But Gu Haoran can come back
Getting hit may be a better solution than getting rid of suffering
So it looks like the big eater has a chance to win?
I didn't expect a small place like Jiangcheng
And characters like you
Now I'm going to get serious.
come
Let you see the supreme weapon of the Feilong Martial Arts Hall
Reincarnation hegemony first form
Vicious Fire Rabbit
Appeared appeared
This is the unique skill of Fei Long Wuguan
Dragon and Tiger Overlord
Old man, I'm arrogant.
Haoran Haoran
invincible
That's just the premise.
The game has just started
Let you fool wash your neck and wait for death
Ride a donkey to read the songbook and wait and see